-WHEN SOMEBODY ASKS YOU
WHAT YOU ARE,
YOU WILL SAY,
"WELL, I'M A HUMAN."
BUT YOU SAY THAT
BECAUSE EVERYBODY AGREES
THAT WHAT HUMAN REPRESENT.
"OH, I'M ENERGY. I'M LIGHT."
BUT WHAT IS THE TRUTH?
THE TRUTH IS THAT YOU DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHAT YOU ARE.
YOU KNOW THAT YOU ARE.
THAT'S TRUE.
BUT DO YOU REALLY KNOW
WHAT YOU ARE?
DO YOU THINK YOU KNOW
I DON'T THINK SO.
-I HAVE WOKEN UP
IN OTHER PEOPLE'S BODIES
WHERE I KNOW
I'M NOT IN MY OWN BODY,
WHERE I'M LOOKING THROUGH
ANOTHER PERSON'S EYES
AND LOOKING OUT AT THE WORLD
THAT THEY SEE,
AND IT AIN'T ME THAT I'M SEEING.
-WELL, IT TURNS OUT THAT
50 YEARS AGO,
WE COULDN'T EVEN THINK OF THIS
SORT OF STRANGE IDEA.
30 YEARS AGO, YOU COULDN'T TALK
ABOUT IT OVER THE DINNER TABLE.
BUT WHAT'S HAPPENING NOW?
-YOU KNOW, YOU SET THE INTENTION
TO FIND SOMETHING
AND TO ALIGN WITH SOMETHING,
IT'S GONNA COME
INTO YOUR EXISTENCE.
-KNOWING THAT I AM A SOUL
AND THAT ALL OF THE PEOPLE THAT
I INTERRELATE WITH ARE SOULS
COMPLETELY ALTERS MY PERSPECTIVE
OF HOW TO LIVE LIFE
DAY BY DAY AND MOMENT BY MOMENT.
-HOW DO YOU GIVE THEM
THAT KNOWLEDGE,
OR HOW DO THEY COME TO KNOW FOR
THEMSELVES THAT THERE'S MORE?
-I SEE A DUMBING DOWN
OF AMERICA RIGHT NOW.
IT'S A DUMBING DOWN
THAT I DO NOT THINK IS BEST.
I THINK IT IS APPEAL
TO OUR LOWEST NATURE
AS OPPOSED
TO OUR HIGHEST NATURE.
-HUMANKIND, MANKIND,
CONSCIOUSNESS ITSELF IS EVOLVING
INTO SOMETHING
THAT IT WASN'T BEFORE.
AND WE'RE PART OF THAT.
WE'RE ONE OF THOSE COGS
IN THE WHEEL
ON THE EVOLUTION
OF HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS.
-WHAT WE'RE EVOLVING INTO
IS WHAT WE --
WHAT WE AS HUMAN BEINGS CREATE.
IT'S AN EVOLVING PROCESS.
WE'RE IN A TOTAL PROCESS
THAT'S EVOLVING ALL THE TIME
AND THAT WE ARE PART
OF THE CREATION OF IT.
-AS ALL CIVILIZATIONS BEFORE US
HAVE ASKED THE QUESTION,
"WHO ARE WE?
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
AND WHAT IS THIS
REALLY ALL ABOUT?"
OUR SCIENTIFIC COSMOLOGY
AT THAT POINT, AND EVEN TODAY,
SUGGESTS THAT
IT'S ALL A COSMIC ACCIDENT.
AND, OF COURSE, OPPOSING THAT
IS THE IDEALIST COSMOLOGY
WHICH SAYS THAT CONSCIOUSNESS
IS THE FUNDAMENTAL STUFF
AND THAT ALL MATTER AROSE
FROM CONCEPTS AND CONSCIOUSNESS.
SO, HERE WE HAD WHAT SCIENCE
WAS TELLING US ABOUT OUR ORIGINS
AND OUR TRADITIONS, NORMALLY
OUR RELIGIOUS TRADITIONS.
-I DRAW A DISTINCTION BETWEEN
SPIRITUALITY AND RELIGION.
A RELIGION
IS WHEN A GROUP ENCODES
CERTAIN BELIEFS AND TRADITIONS
AND AN INDIVIDUAL
IS EITHER BORN INTO THAT GROUP
OR JOINS THAT GROUP
AND ADOPTS THOSE BELIEFS
AND TRADITIONS FOR THEIR OWN.
A PATH THAT'S SPIRITUAL
IS OFTEN MORE INDIVIDUAL
WHERE SOMEONE MIGHT EVEN BE
A MEMBER OF A RELIGIOUS GROUP
BUT THEN
HAS A PROFOUND EXPERIENCE
SUCH AS A NEAR-DEATH EXPERIENCE
OR A PERSONAL, MYSTICAL
EXPERIENCE OF THE DIVINE.
AND THEN THE RELIGION
DOESN'T FIT ANYMORE.
IT DOESN'T NECESSARILY MEAN
THE RELIGION IS WRONG.
IT'S JUST THAT PEOPLE ARE HAVING
A MORE DIRECT EXPERIENCE
IN WHICH IT'S NOT SO MUCH
BELIEF ANYMORE
BUT AN ACTUAL KNOWING
OR WHAT I CALL FAITH.
-ALWAYS MY INTEREST IN MAGIC
IS WHAT KEEPS ME GOING
INTO THE STUDY
OF THE WEIRD STUFF
LIKE LIFE AFTER DEATH
AND WHO'S THE BIG G.
IS THERE A BIG G, OR IS IT JUST
ALL A BIG LAW OF THE UNIVERSE
THAT WE EXIST LIKE THIS?
-THEY PUT AN IMAGE OF GOD LIKE A
VERY OLD MAN WITH A LONG BEARD,
OR LIKE A HUMAN
WITH THE HEAD OF AN ELEPHANT.
YOU SEE ALL THOSE RELIGIONS
PROJECTS
WHAT THEY BELIEVE IS GOD.
AND OBVIOUSLY,
IT'S JUST MYTHOLOGY.
EVEN THAT MYTHOLOGY,
IT CAN PRETTY CLOSE REPRESENT
SOMETHING THAT WAS TRUE.
AND NOW WHAT A RELIGION PROJECTS
IS IMAGES THAT HAVE NOTHING
TO DO REALLY WITH GOD.
-WE ARE, IN TRUE NATURE,
SITTING AROUND A CAMPFIRE
WITH THE LIGHT OF GOD
SHINING UPON US.
BEHIND US IN THE FOREST
ARE DANCING SILHOUETTES
OF OUR PERSONS
SITTING AROUND THE FIRE OF GOD,
THE LIGHT OF GOD RADIATING.
AND IT IS THE SHADOWS,
THE SILHOUETTES
ON THE FOREST BEHIND US --
THOSE DANCING SILHOUETTES
ARE WHAT WE ARE NOW
IN THE PHYSICAL BODY.
THERE'S NO SUBSTANCE TO THEM,
NO PERMANENCE TO THEM.
THEY'RE JUST
DANCING SILHOUETTES.
THE TRUE PERMANENT,
SOLID REALITY
IS US SITTING AROUND
THE LIGHT OF GOD.
-THE BASIC MATTER,
THE FLESH, THE EMOTIONS,
THE FEELINGS, NATURE
THAT WE HAVE AS HUMANS
IS NOT MARKEDLY DIFFERENT
THAN WHAT ANIMALS HAVE.
AND CERTAINLY WE SEE
THAT IN THE HIGHER PRIMATES
WHO ARE CLOSER TO US
IN NOT ONLY THEIR DNA,
BUT IN THEIR BEHAVIOR
AND THEIR SOCIAL BEHAVIOR
AND THEIR INTERACTIONS
WITH ONE ANOTHER.
SO WE CANNOT ASSUME ANY LONGER
THAN WE'RE REALLY NOT ANIMALS,
THAT WE'RE APART FROM NATURE
IN THIS REGARD.
THAT'S JUST A --
THAT'S AN OLD MYTH.
IT'S UTTERLY WRONG.
WE CALL OUR INTUITIVE
CAPABILITIES OUR SIXTH SENSE,
AND THAT'S JUST DEAD WRONG.
THEY SHOULD BE CALLED
OUR FIRST SENSE.
WE HAVE BECOME MORE LEFT-BRAINED
AND SCREENED OUT
THESE INTUITIVE
RIGHT-BRAINED CAPABILITIES
THAT SEEM TO BE NATURAL,
THAT SEEM TO BE A PART
OF OUR BASIC NATURE.
-IF WE GO BACK IN TIME
ANYWHERE BETWEEN
1,500 AND 2,000 YEARS --
WE GO BACK IN TIME THAT FAR,
WE DISCOVER THAT MOST CULTURES
OF THE WORLD WERE MYSTICAL.
AND MYSTICAL MEANS
THAT THE SOUL HAS CONTINUITY.
MYSTICAL MEANS THAT WE EXIST
IN BODY AND WE EXIST IN SPIRIT.
WHAT HAS HAPPENED
OVER THE LAST 1,500 YEARS
IS THAT WE HAVE BECOME
VERY SCIENTIFIC,
WE NEED TO BE VERY GROUNDED,
AND MANY GROUPS OF PEOPLE
HAVE LOST THE BELIEF STRUCTURE
THAT THE SOUL HAS CONTINUITY
AND LIVES LIFETIME TO LIFETIME
AND IN BETWEEN LIFETIMES.
-BELIEF SYSTEMS HAVE BEEN
HANDED DOWN AND HANDED DOWN
THROUGH THE AGES.
NOW YOU HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY
THROUGH WHAT WE DO, IN A WAY,
TO EXPLORE THAT, YOU KNOW,
LOOK INTO THAT BELIEF SYSTEM.
CAN YOU TURN THAT BELIEF
INTO A KNOWN?
OR IS IT JUST A BELIEF SYSTEM?
THE ONLY WAY YOU DO THAT
IS THROUGH EXPLORATION.
THAT IS THE KEY.
-FROM SPACE, THE HEAVENS
ARE 10 TIMES AS BRIGHT
BECAUSE OF THE LACK
OF INTERVENING ATMOSPHERE.
SO THAT MEANS 10 TIMES
AS NUMEROUS STARS.
SO, WHAT HAPPENED
AS I WAS LOOKING AT THAT...
AND AS I HAD LEARNED FROM
MY ASTRONOMY STUDIES AND MY --
MY ASTRONOMY STUDIES AT M.I.T
INCITED A UNITY,
A CONNECTEDNESS TO ALL OF THAT.
AND THAT WAS A NEW EXPERIENCE.
IT WAS A POWERFUL EXPERIENCE,
AN ECSTASY ACCOMPANIED
BY A BLISSFUL FEELING.
AND THIS CONTINUED
WHEN I HAD A FEW MOMENTS
TO LOOK OUT THE WINDOW
ALL THE WAY HOME FOR THREE DAYS.
AND [CLEARS THROAT] I REALIZED
I HAD TO UNDERSTAND
WHAT THIS EXPERIENCE WAS.
IT WAS FAR BEYOND ANYTHING
I'D EXPERIENCED BEFORE.
-33 1/2 HOURS AFTER THEY LANDED,
ALAN SHEPARD AND EDGAR MITCHELL
LIFTED OFF IN THE SILENT VACUUM
OF THE MOON.
-ENGINE IS ARMED.
SIX...FIVE...FOUR...THREE...
TWO...ONE...ZERO.
HOUSTON, WE HAVE IGNITION.
-WHAT A LIFTOFF.
-AND LIFTOFF.
ROGER, IGNITION.
BOOM.
...10 SECONDS.
-ROGER.
HEY, BABY. IT'S GOING GOOD.
-IT'S PROBABLY
BEING MORE ACCEPTED TODAY
BECAUSE SO MANY MORE PEOPLE
ARE HAVING THESE EXPERIENCES
OR AWAKENING
TO THESE EXPERIENCES
AND ARE QUESTIONING
A LITTLE BIT MORE.
AND I THINK, AGAIN, THIS IS PART
OF THE EVOLVING PROCESS,
THAT EVERYTHING'S EVOLVING.
AND SO, WE'RE EVOLVING
INTO BECOMING MORE AWAKE
AND MORE CONSCIOUS
OF THE ENERGY OF WHO WE ARE.
YOU KNOW, IT'S THE OLD SAYING
THAT WE'RE SPIRITUAL BEINGS
HAVING A HUMAN EXPERIENCE.
-OF COURSE
THAT THE SOUL EXISTS.
BUT PEOPLE MISINTERPRETED
WHAT IS SOUL.
THEY CREATE THAT IT'S A GHOST.
NO, IT'S NOT A GHOST.
THE SOUL IS A FORCE.
IT'S A FORCE THAT BEGINS
IN THE MOMENT OF CONCEPTION.
-SO, HERE WE HAD WHAT SCIENCE
WAS TELLING US ABOUT OUR ORIGINS
AND OUR TRADITIONS,
NORMALLY
OUR RELIGIOUS TRADITIONS
COMING OUT OF OUR CULTURES,
TELLING US SOMETHING ELSE.
IT OCCURRED TO ME THAT THE TRUTH
WAS SOMEWHERE IN BETWEEN
AND THAT MAYBE WE NEEDED
TO REASK THESE QUESTIONS...
...TO SEE IT FROM THE POINT
OF VIEW OF A SPACECRAFT
MAYBE WITH SOME NEW ANSWERS.
-AAH!
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
[ PEOPLE SCREAMING ]
-AND IT SEEMED TO BE
THAT THE NATURE OF CONSCIOUSNESS
WAS THE QUESTION TO ASK BECAUSE
THAT WAS THE GREAT ENIGMA.
WAS CONSCIOUSNESS
JUST ACCIDENTAL,
AS SCIENCE WOULD HAVE?
OR WAS IT THE FUNDAMENTAL STUFF,
AS MOST CULTURAL IDEALIST
TRADITIONS WOULD HAVE?
-THE PROBLEM WE HAVE IS TO FIND
SOME MEANINGFUL DEFINITION.
BY MEANINGFUL,
EITHER ONE THAT CAN BE
EXPERIMENTALLY DEMONSTRATED
THROUGH SCIENCE,
OBJECTIVELY DEMONSTRATED.
AND IF NOT THAT, AT LEAST
SOME MEANINGFUL DEFINITION
WHICH ALLOWS ONE FURTHER INSIGHT
INTO THE NATURE OF REALITY.
-YOU'VE ASKED THIS QUESTION
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENS TO ME,
WHAT HAPPENS TO WHO I REALLY AM
IF I'M NOT IN THE PHYSICAL BODY?
AND I WOULD SAY,
WHAT HAPPENS TO THE PERSON
WHO IS HAVING A DREAM?
IF YOU'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A DREAM
AND THEN SUDDENLY YOU WAKE UP,
WELL, WHAT HAPPENED TO THE THING
YOU WERE DURING THE DREAM?
IT JUST SORT OF VANISHES.
-WE'RE STUCK IN METAPHOR.
AND THAT'S WHERE
WE GET INTO ALL THIS TROUBLE
BECAUSE WE THINK OF IT
GOING SOMEWHERE.
BUT HOW CAN IT GO
IF THERE'S NOWHERE TO GO?
THERE'S NO -- I COULD SAY,
"WELL, MY CONSCIOUSNESS
"GOES FROM HERE
TO MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE,
"AND THAT'S WHERE I'M GONNA BE.
"THAT'S WHERE MY CONSCIOUSNESS
IS GONNA BE BURIED
"'CAUSE I LIKE
THE MEMPHIS BLUES.
"OR MY CONSCIOUSNESS
GOES TO THE PLANET MARS
'CAUSE I ALWAYS
WANTED TO BE THERE."
BUT IT DOESN'T GO ANYWHERE
BECAUSE IT DOESN'T HAVE
ANY PLACE TO GO TO.
IT IS OMNIPRESENT.
-IF WE STUDY THE CONCEPTS
PARTICULARLY OF HINDUISM
AND OTHER BELIEF STRUCTURES
THAT ARE TIED TO THE SUFI BELIEF
AND THE ZOROASTRIAN
BELIEF STRUCTURE,
AGAIN WE FIND
THAT THOSE BELIEF SYSTEMS
BEYOND THE SHADOW OF A DOUBT
BELIEVE THAT WE REMAIN IN BODY.
WHEN OUR SOUL DIES,
OUR SOUL IS EXITED
OUT OF OUR BODIES
AND OUR SOULS WILL LIVE AGAIN
IN A BODY.
-[ CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE ]
-THE EASTERN MYSTICAL
POINT OF VIEW
AND WHAT I THINK QUANTUM PHYSICS
IS SUGGESTING, TO ME, ANYWAY,
IS THAT
THAT'S NOT THE WHOLE ANSWER.
THAT SOMEHOW MATTER
COMES OUT OF MIND
RATHER THAN MIND
COMING OUT OF MATTER.
AND THAT CHANGES THINGS.
OR MAYBE BETTER PUT --
BOTH MIND AND MATTER
ARE DIFFERENT ILLUSIONS
OF THIS DEEPER REALITY WHICH IS
NEITHER MIND NOR MATTER,
BUT SOMEHOW BOTH.
-SO, QUANTUM MECHANICS HAS BEEN
AROUND ALL OF THE 20th CENTURY.
IT IS THE MAJOR DEVELOPMENT
OF THE 20th CENTURY
THAT HAS ALLOWED
MOST OF OUR PHYSICS TECHNOLOGY
AND OUR NEW MODERN TECHNOLOGY
TO BE WHAT IT IS.
IT ALSO ALLOWED
THE THINKERS OF THE PERIOD
TO REALIZE THAT
THE BODY/MIND WERE INTERACTIVE
AND THAT MAYBE
WE WERE GOING TO HAVE TO LOOK
AT CONSCIOUSNESS
AFTER ALL WITHIN SCIENCE
WHEREAS BEFORE,
IT HAD BEEN CONSIDERED
THE REALM
OF THEOLOGY AND PHILOSOPHY.
-ONE OF THE CONCEPTS
IS THAT CONSCIOUSNESS ITSELF
IS A NONLOCAL PHENOMENA.
THAT MEANS IN CONSCIOUSNESS,
WE ARE UNIFIED EVERYWHERE,
EVERY WHEN.
IT IS OUR FOCUS OF ATTENTION
OR OUR ALIGNMENT,
WHAT WE PAY ATTENTION TO
IN ONE PARTICULAR MOMENT.
RIGHT NOW, I'M PAYING ATTENTION
TO BEING IN THE BODY.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I DON'T EXIST
EVERYWHERE, EVERY WHEN.
ALL PARTICLES, ALL THINGS
HAVE THESE DUAL COMPONENTS --
A LOCAL MANIFESTATION
AND A NONLOCAL EXISTENCE.
SO, PERHAPS, THEN, BEING MORE
THAN OUR PHYSICAL BODIES
IS IDENTIFYING
WITH PAYING ATTENTION
TO THAT NONLOCALNESS
OF WHO WE ARE.
-SO, EXISTENCE AND INFORMATION
ARE THE BASIS
NOT ONLY OF OUR BEING,
BUT OUR KNOWING,
WHY WE KNOW ANYTHING AT ALL.
-SPIRIT IS THE FUNDAMENTAL
VIBRATION OF NOTHING.
BUT BY NOTHING,
I MEAN THE ABSOLUTE VOID
OUT OF WHICH EVERYTHING COMES.
IT'S THE SPIRITUAL VACUUM,
IF YOU WILL,
THE VOID OUT OF WHICH
EVERYTHING ARISES.
IT MAY BE RELATED
TO THE PHYSICAL VACUUM,
WHICH WE KNOW IS CAPABLE OF,
ONCE BEING ENERGIZED,
OF PRODUCING PARTICLES
AND ANTI-PARTICLES,
WHICH IS THE
PARTICLE/ANTI-PARTICLE CIRCUS
WHICH ARISES FROM PARTICLE
PHYSICS THAT WE KNOW ABOUT.
BECAUSE MIND, CONSCIOUSNESS --
THIS MYSTERIOUS ESSENCE
OF WHO WE ARE --
DOESN'T HAVE
A SPACE-TIME COORDINATION.
THE COMMON THOUGHT IS,
IT'S AS BIG AS THE BODY AND
IT LASTS AS LONG AS A LIFETIME.
YOU'RE BORN, YOU LIVE,
AND THEN YOU DIE.
AND THEN YOUR BODY
DECAYS INTO DUST.
AND BEFORE THAT, YOU WERE JUST
DUST AND EGGS AND WATER
AND IT STARTS FERTILIZING
AND DNA AND [SPUTTERS]
AND ALL ELECTRICAL SPARKS
START FLYING
AND PRETTY SOON THERE'S A FETUS,
AND THE FETUS BECOMES A BABY
AND ALL THAT.
ALL OF THAT, YOU KNOW,
IS SOMEHOW THE NOTION
THAT CONSCIOUSNESS IS CONTAINED
WITHIN THE UNIT OF THE BODY.
-SO, BASICALLY,
WHEN OUR SOUL IS NEW,
WHEN OUR SOUL IS YOUNG,
IS BORN, WE MIGHT SAY,
WE ARE ASSIGNED A SPIRIT GUIDE.
THAT GUIDE THEN WORKS WITH US
WHETHER WE'RE IN BODY,
WHETHER WE'RE NOT IN BODY.
THAT GUIDE HAS HIGHER WISDOM,
IS ALMOST ALWAYS
MORE EXPERIENCED
AS A SOUL THAN WE ARE --
SOMETIMES DRAMATICALLY
MORE EXPERIENCED,
SOMETIMES ONLY MINIMALLY
MORE EXPERIENCED
DEPENDING ON HOW QUICKLY
WE PROGRESS.
-I FEEL THAT EACH OF US
HAS A GROUP OF GUIDES
THAT ASSISTS US AND HELPS US
IN OUR DAILY LIFE.
HOWEVER, MY CLIENTS TELL ME
THAT THEY OFTEN MEET
A MASTER TEACHER GUIDE
IN THEIR
LIFE-BETWEEN-LIFE EXPERIENCE
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE
FOR OVERSEEING
THEIR SOUL'S PROGRESS
FROM EMBODIMENT TO EMBODIMENT.
AND THIS GUIDE MAY OR MAY NOT BE
INTIMATELY INVOLVED
WITH THEIR DAILY LIFE
BUT IS RESPONSIBLE
FOR OVERSEEING THEIR PROGRESS
OVER MANY, MANY LIFETIMES.
-WE CAN'T SCIENTIFICALLY PROVE
ANY OF THIS STUFF, OF COURSE.
AND THAT'S WHERE ANYBODY
WHO'S SCIENTIFICALLY
AND LOGICALLY
AND RATIONALLY MINDED
WILL DISMISS ALL THIS AS BEING,
"EH."
YOU KNOW, IF IT'S NOT
SCIENTIFICALLY PROVABLE,
IT DOESN'T EXIST.
OF COURSE, YOU HAVE
TO TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION
THAT MOST OF THE THINGS
WE DO IN LIFE
ARE NOT SCIENTIFICALLY PROVABLE.
IN FACT, THE STUFF IN LIFE
WHICH IS SCIENTIFICALLY PROVABLE
IS PROBABLY LESS THAN 10%
OF EVERYTHING WE DO.
BUT YET, WE RELY
ON SCIENTIFIC PROVABILITY
AS BEING MUCH, YOU KNOW,
IMPORTANCE IN OUR LIFE.
WE LOOK AT ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE
AND THERE'S SO MUCH OF IT
RIGHT NOW --
DEATH EXPERIENCES,
CHILDREN THAT ARE BORN
WITH MEMORIES OF AUNTS OR UNCLES
OR EVEN GRANDPARENTS
THAT HAD DIED
YEARS BEFORE
THE CHILD WAS EVEN BORN.
THERE'S MANY CASES
OF THIS IN INDIA,
OF SO-CALLED
REINCARNATION MEMORIES.
I DON'T KNOW.
IF YOU READ THESE ACCOUNTS,
THEY SEEM TO BE
PRETTY SENSIBLE TO ME.
-AND THAT HAS ALLOWED US NOW
TO TAKE QUANTUM PHYSICS
AND START TO EXPLORE IT
IN QUITE A NEW WAY
IN THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS
AND TO OPEN BRAND-NEW DOORS
THAT HAVE
NEVER BEEN OPENED BEFORE
IN UNDERSTANDING OURSELVES,
IN UNDERSTANDING
THE DEEPEST REALMS OF BIONATURE,
AND UNDERSTANDING
CONSCIOUSNESS ITSELF.
-I HAVE WOKEN UP
IN OTHER PEOPLE'S BODIES.
NOW, THAT'S REALLY WEIRD.
WHERE I KNOW
I'M NOT IN MY OWN BODY,
WHERE I'M LOOKING THROUGH
ANOTHER PERSON'S EYES
AND LOOKING OUT AT THE WORLD
THAT THEY SEE,
AND IT AIN'T ME THAT I'M SEEING.
IT AIN'T MY WORLD
THAT I'M LOOKING AT.
ONE TIME [CHUCKLES] I WOKE UP,
GOT OUT OF BED,
WENT TO TAKE A WHIZ.
AND I WALK INSIDE
IN THE BATHROOM IN MY LOG CABIN,
STOOD OVER THE TOILET,
JUST ABOUT TO PEE,
AND SUDDEN I REALIZED I DIDN'T
GO TO SLEEP IN A LOG CABIN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THERE'S NO LOG CABIN
WHERE I WAS.
WHAT THE HECK AM I DOING
IN A LOG CABIN?
AND THAT'S WHEN I REALIZED
I WAS IN SOMEBODY ELSE'S BODY.
HE WAS WHIZZING,
AND I WAS THERE WATCHING.
-MORE AND MORE,
MAINSTREAM AMERICA, IF YOU WILL,
ARE OPENING
TO THESE TYPE OF EXPERIENCES
BECAUSE SO MANY PEOPLE
ARE NOW HAVING THEM
OR RECOGNIZING THEY'RE HAVING IT
AND BEING AWAKE TO HAVING IT.
I THINK
THERE'S A COMING TOGETHER OF,
LET'S SAY,
SCIENCE AND SPIRITUALITY.
IT SEEMS THAT IT'S MORE
OF A COMING TOGETHER OF THAT.
AND WHEN I SAY SPIRITUALITY,
NOT NECESSARILY RELIGION.
MY FATHER
WAS A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESSMAN
IN NEW YORK BACK IN
THE LATE '40s, EARLY '50s.
HE WAS THE PRODUCER
OF OVER 50 RADIO SHOWS.
AND BEING THE LEFT-BRAINED,
SUCCESSFUL BUSINESSMAN HE WAS,
WHEN HE STARTED HAVING THESE
OUT-OF-BODY EXPERIENCES,
HE REALLY QUESTIONED WHAT AND
WHY WAS THIS HAPPENING TO HIM.
WHAT WAS THIS OUT-OF-BODY STATE?
SO HE LOOKED TO WESTERN SCIENCE
TO GIVE HIM THE ANSWER,
WHICH IS HOW WE CAME UP WITH
THE PROCESS KNOWN AS HEMI-SYNC,
WHICH IS A SOUND TECHNOLOGY.
AND IN USING CERTAIN FREQUENCIES
IN THE SOUND TECHNOLOGY,
COMBINATIONS
OF CERTAIN FREQUENCIES,
WE'RE ABLE TO HELP PEOPLE
MOVE INTO THESE DIFFERENT STATES
OF CONSCIOUSNESS,
DIFFERENT STATES OF AWARENESS.
-WE HAVE MEANS THAT PEOPLE KNOW
THEY ARE MORE
THAN THEIR PHYSICAL BODY.
AND KNOWING YOU ARE MORE
THAN YOUR PHYSICAL BODY
IS THE BEGINNING OF KNOWING
THAT YOU SURVIVE PHYSICAL DEATH.
-HE INFLUENCED
A LOT OF THINKING.
AND BECAUSE OF HIS BOOKS,
A LOT OF PEOPLE BEGAN
TO EXPERIMENT
WITH OUT-OF-BODY EXPERIENCE.
I THINK I GOT INFLUENCED BY IT
BECAUSE IT NO LONGER
BECAME SOMETHING
I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE
WHEN IT HAPPENED.
THE PROBLEM IS, UNTIL SOMEBODY
LIKE ROBERT MONROE
STEPS INTO THE WORLD AND SAYS,
"THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT HAPPENS,"
PEOPLE DON'T TRY TO DO IT.
IT MAY HAVE HAPPENED TO THEM,
BUT THEY DON'T --
IT'S LIKE A BLUR.
YOU DON'T SEE IT.
WHEN SOMEBODY SAYS,
"AH, THIS IS THAT,"
THEN YOU BEGIN TO RECOGNIZE IT
WHEN YOU HAVE THAT EXPERIENCE.
-THE ABILITY TO TUNE INTO
THIS CONSCIOUSNESS,
TO BECOME AWARE
OF YOUR OUT-OF-BODY STATE,
I THINK, IS THE TRUE QUESTION.
IT'S NOT, "WHO HAS THE ABILITY
TO GET OUT OF THEIR BODY
AND WHO DOESN'T?"
IT'S WHO BECOMES AWARE, WHO HAS
THE ABILITY TO BECOME AWARE.
-I THINK THE VERY FIRST TIME,
I WAS FLOATING ABOVE MY BODY
AND I WAS NEAR THE CEILING.
AND I COULD SEE THE CEILING
VERY CLEARLY.
AND I TURNED --
OR, I KIND OF, LIKE,
STARTED TO FEEL MYSELF
DRAWING DOWN.
I DON'T KNOW
WHETHER I WAS AFRAID
OR DIDN'T KNOW HOW FAR I WAS UP
OR HOW HIGH I WAS GONNA GO
OR WHETHER
I'D GO THROUGH THE CEILING.
I DON'T KNOW.
SOME FEAR MECHANISM
PROBABLY DROVE ME BACK DOWN.
WHEN I GOT BACK DOWN AGAIN,
I REMEMBER TRYING TO GET MY HAND
INSIDE OF MY BODY.
IT WAS VERY UNUSUAL.
IT'S LIKE MY BODY WAS A GLOVE
AND I COULDN'T GET MY HAND
TO FIT INSIDE MY THUMBS.
EVERYTHING WAS A LITTLE BIT,
YOU KNOW,
HELTER SKELTER FOR A WHILE.
AND FINALLY I FINALLY
GOT MY LITTLE FINGER
INTO THE LITTLE FINGER SPACE
AND EVERYTHING KIND OF FIT IN.
I FINALLY -- I FIT IN.
-AND WHEN ASTRAL PROJECTION
IS HAPPENING,
THE QUESTION
I WOULD PERSONALLY WONDER IS,
"THE SOUL THAT'S INCARNATE
"WHO IS EXPERIENCING
THE ASTRAL PROJECTION,
"ARE THEY PROJECTING
INTO THE SPIRITUAL REALM
"OR ARE THEY PROJECTING
INTO THE SPACE
"THAT I BELIEVE EXISTS
CLOSER TO EARTH
"AND THE SPACE
THAT IS BETWEEN BEING INCARNATE
"AND BEING FULLY
IN THE SPIRITUAL REALM
AND WHAT WE EXPERIENCE IN
LIFE-BETWEEN-LIVES REGRESSION?"
-THE ONLY THING
WE ASK YOU TO CONSIDER
IS THAT YOU ARE MORE
THAN YOUR PHYSICAL BODY.
JUST CONSIDER THAT.
AND THROUGH THAT,
THE HEMI-SYNC TECHNOLOGY
HELPS YOU REALLY MOVE
INTO KNOWING THAT --
NOT JUST BELIEVING IT.
BUT BECAUSE IT'S ABLE TO PUT YOU
INTO A RELAXED STATE --
FIRST OF ALL,
THAT'S THE KEY OF ANYTHING
IS TO MOVE INTO
A TOTALLY RELAXED STATE.
AND ONCE YOU'RE THERE,
YOU BEGIN TO OPEN UP AND EXPAND
INTO THE ENERGY THAT YOU ARE,
WHICH IS MORE
THAN YOUR PHYSICAL BODY.
-AND WE'VE KNOWN
FOR YEARS AND YEARS
THAT WHEN YOU CAN BE IN THAT
VERY DEEPLY RELAXED PLACE,
THEN, YOU KNOW,
WE LET GO OF OUR DEFENSES,
WE LET GO
OF BLOCKS AND OBSTACLES
THAT PERHAPS
GET IN THE WAY OF EXPLORING.
AND SO, FROM THAT PLACE
OF DEEP RELAXATION
THEN WE CAN OPEN UP
TO ALL KINDS OF POSSIBILITIES.
-ANCIENT CULTURES
HAVE BEEN DOING THIS
THROUGH RHYTHMIC DRUMMING,
THROUGH DANCE,
AND THROUGH CHANTING
AND RITUALS
FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS
IN MANY, MANY, MANY CULTURES.
THE TECHNOLOGY OF STEREO
AND DOLBY DIGITAL SURROUND SOUND
IS SOMETHING NEW
TO THE 20th AND 21st CENTURY.
WE HAVE FOUND A WAY TO USE
THAT MODERN-DAY TECHNOLOGY
TO DO WHAT CULTURES HAVE BEEN
DOING FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS.
WE USE AN AUDIO GUIDANCE SYSTEM
TO ALTER BRAIN-WAVE STATES
ACCOMPANIED BY
RELAXATION PROCEDURES,
MEDITATIVE PROCEDURES
THAT ALLOW PEOPLE TO DEVELOP
AN AWARENESS OF INFORMATION
AND CONCEPTS NOT ORDINARY
TO OUR WAKING STATE.
THIS IS THE BRIDGE
FOR OPENING --
OPENING A GATEWAY
FOR THE OUT-OF-BODY EXPERIENCE.
-THE OUT-OF-BODY EXPERIENCE,
THE CLASSICAL KIND
OF OUT-OF-BODY
THAT OTHERS MIGHT CALL
ASTRAL PROJECTION
MAY BE IMPORTANT FOR SOME PEOPLE
AND MAY OCCUR FOR SOME PEOPLE.
BUT IT'S JUST ONE PIECE
OF A WHOLE RANGE
OF POSSIBLE EXPERIENCES
THAT WOULD BE USEFUL
IN HELPING ONE TO COME
TO KNOW BETTER THEIR TOTAL SELF.
-WELL, DEATH IS THE BIG UNFOCUS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
LETTING GO.
SUDDENLY, ALL OF THOSE THINGS
WHICH WERE SO IMPORTANT TO YOU
ALMOST YOUR WHOLE LIFE
WILL, IN A FLASH,
BE TOTALLY UNIMPORTANT TO YOU.
IT MAY TAKE A COUPLE DAYS --
I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG
BEFORE YOU FINALLY RECOGNIZE
THAT YOU'RE NOT
THAT BODY ANYMORE
OR YOU'RE NOT EVEN CONCERNED
WITH THE WHOLE LIFE-AND-DEATH
DRAMA OF THAT LIFETIME.
-AND IN THE MOMENT
OF YOUR DEATH,
THAT FORCE, THE SOUL
AND LET GO EVERYTHING.
NO LONGER RECOGNIZE
ANY PIECE OF YOU ANYMORE.
BUT THE SOUL COME FROM LIFE,
WHICH BREATHE FROM SPIRIT
FROM GOD.
-ESSENTIALLY, OUR SOUL IS WAVES
OF LIGHT AND COLOR.
OUR SOUL IS ENERGY.
AND SO,
WHEN OUR SOUL IS RELEASED
OUT OF OUR PHYSICAL BODY,
ESSENTIALLY WHAT HAPPENS IS
THE ENERGY VIBRATIONS HEIGHTEN
SO THAT OUR SOUL
IS ABLE TO LEAVE OUR BODY.
AND OUR BODY IS VERY DENSE
AND LOW IN A VIBRATIONAL NATURE.
AND WHEN OUR SOUL LEAVES
AT THE POINT OF DEATH,
THOSE ENERGY VIBRATIONS
WE MIGHT SAY SPEED UP.
AND THAT'S HOW THE SOUL
IS RELEASED OUT OF THE BODY.
-WHEN A PERSON GOES THROUGH
THEIR OWN DEATH
IN A PAST-LIFE REGRESSION,
IT'S USUALLY VERY EASY FOR THEM
TO LEAVE THEIR BODY
AND TO REALIZE
THAT THEY'VE DIED.
I ALWAYS TAKE A MOMENT
FOR THEM TO REFLECT
ON THE LIFE THEY'VE JUST LEFT.
IT'S A VERY INTERESTING
EXPERIENCE FOR PEOPLE
TO REALIZE THAT THEY'RE NOT
REALLY THAT BODY.
THEY ALMOST ALWAYS
ARE ABOVE THE BODY LOOKING DOWN.
THEY CAN SEE THE PEOPLE
IN THE ROOM,
IF THEIR WIFE OR HUSBAND
IS CRYING OVER THE BODY.
AND THEY ALMOST ALWAYS
DESCRIBE A SENSE OF RELIEF
AND THAT IT'S EASIER FOR THEM
TO HAVE PASSED OVER
THAN FOR THE PEOPLE LEFT BEHIND.
THIS IS SOMETHING I THINK THAT'S
INTERESTING FOR US TO REMEMBER
WHEN SOMEONE HAS DIED
THAT'S CLOSE TO US,
THAT WE'RE USUALLY GOING THROUGH
MUCH MORE TRAUMA THAN THEY ARE.
AND ALMOST ALWAYS,
THERE'S IMMEDIATELY A SENSE
OF RELIEF AND PEACE,
AND ESPECIALLY IF THEY'VE BEEN
ILL OR IN ANY PAIN.
-I HAVE LEARNED TO EXPERIENCE
DEATH IN A PEACEFUL WAY.
WHERE IF I WAS ASKED
THAT QUESTION SIX, SEVEN,
EIGHT YEARS AGO,
I WOULD HAVE LOOKED AT IT
IN AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT LIGHT
WITH A LOT OF FEAR OF
THE UNKNOWN AND WHAT TO EXPECT.
-WE ARE LIVING
IN A PHYSICAL BODY
THAT IS ALIVE BECAUSE OF US.
WE GIVE LIFE
TO THIS PHYSICAL BODY.
-WARNING. OVERLOAD.
-MIND EXISTS BECAUSE
WE GIVE LIFE TO THAT MIND.
WITHOUT US, THE PHYSICAL BODY
WILL DISAPPEAR,
WILL BECOME DUST,
AND THE MIND WILL BE DISSOLVED.
WHAT WE REALLY ARE IS LIFE.
AND LIFE IS ETERNAL.
IT NEVER ENDS.
IT NEVER BEGINS,
BUT IS SHIFTING, IS GROWING,
IS TRANSFORMING, AND THAT
IS NOTHING BUT TRANSFORMATION,
IS OURSELF GETTING
OUT OF THAT PHYSICAL BODY,
OURSELF GETTING OUT OF THAT
MIND, OF THAT WORLD OF ILLUSION.
-THINK OF IT AS WHEN
YOU'RE LOOKING THROUGH A LENS
OR A TELESCOPE
OR A PAIR OF BINOCULARS.
IF YOU LOOK THROUGH IT,
THE IMAGE IS SHARP.
THAT'S CALL FOCUSED.
AS YOU TURN THE DIALS,
THEY START TO GET BLURRY.
THAT'S CALL DE-FOCUSING
OR UNFOCUSING.
NOW, AN UNFOCUSED IMAGE IS THAT
THE LIGHT FROM THE OBJECT
IS GOING THROUGH
MANY DIFFERENT PATHWAYS
TO REACH YOUR EYE
SO THAT YOUR EYE
IS GETTING THE LIGHT
FROM DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS
ALL AT THE SAME TIME
AND IT APPEARS BLURRY.
SO, IF YOU THINK OF IT,
IT'S A GOOD ANALOGY
TO PARALLEL REALITIES.
PARALLEL REALITIES,
YOU'RE SEEING ALL THE REALITIES
COMING THROUGH AT ONCE
RATHER THAN A SINGLE REALITY,
A SINGLE FOCUSED REALITY.
AND THESE TWO PROCESSES,
FOCUSING AND DE-FOCUSING,
ARE THINGS THAT WE DO NATURALLY
AS WE BEGIN TO LEARN NEW THINGS
AND AS WE BEGIN TO LET GO
OF OLD WAYS OF THINKING SO
WE CAN LEARN NEW THINGS AGAIN.
THIS IS SORT OF
THE PROCESS OF LIFE.
-A NEWLY DECEASED SPIRIT IS,
YES, VERY AWARE
OF WHAT IS GOING ON.
IT MAY TAKE TIME
FOR THAT NEWLY DECEASED SPIRIT
TO RECOGNIZE THAT THEY HAVE,
IN FACT, DIED.
THERE ARE TIMES
WHEN THE NEWLY DECEASED SPIRIT
REMAINS CLOSE TO THE BODY,
TO THE BODY THAT THEY'VE JUST
BEEN RELEASED FROM.
AND THAT SPIRIT MAY HOVER CLOSE
FOR A FAIR LENGTH OF TIME --
COULD BE HOURS, COULD BE DAYS --
BOTH RECOGNIZING
WHAT HAS HAPPENED FOR THE SPIRIT
AND TAKING CARE OF WHAT I MIGHT
CALL UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
IT REMINDS ME
OF A STORY OF A CLIENT,
A SOLDIER, A YOUNG SOLDIER,
I THINK 18 OR 20 YEARS OLD
WHEN HE DIED IN WAR.
AND HE WAS VERY CONCERNED
ABOUT HIS MOTHER.
SO HE SPENT A GREAT DEAL OF TIME
ATTEMPTING TO COMMUNICATE WITH
AND COMFORT HIS MOTHER
BEFORE HE WAS READY TO MOVE ON.
AND THE QUESTION WE ALWAYS ASK
IN A LIFE-BETWEEN-LIVES
REGRESSION IS,
"SO, HOW DO YOU DO
THIS COMMUNICATING?
"HOW DO YOU
ENERGETICALLY CONNECT
WITH SOMEONE
THAT REMAINS INCARNATE?"
AND THE DESCRIPTIONS
ARE FASCINATING AT TIMES.
THE SOUL WILL SAY,
"I SEND ENERGY
INTO THE HEART OF MY MOTHER."
AND THE INTERESTING PART IS,
SOMETIMES WHAT'S SAID
IS THAT THE LOVED ONE
THAT STILL REMAINS IN BODY
RECOGNIZES THE COMMUNICATION
AND SOMETIMES
THERE'S LACK OF RECOGNITION.
AND I WOULD HOPE
THAT THROUGH INFORMATION
SUCH AS WHAT I'M SHARING
THAT MORE AND MORE PEOPLE
WOULD COME TO ACCEPT
THAT THEIR LOVED ONES
ABSOLUTELY VERY OFTEN
ATTEMPT TO COMMUNICATE AND
LET THEM KNOW THAT THEY'RE FINE.
-I HAD PASSED AWAY.
IT WAS A VERY PEACEFUL DEATH.
I HAD MY FAMILY AROUND ME.
AGAIN, THAT LIFE WAS KIND OF
A QUIET LIFE, A LONELY LIFE.
THERE WAS NOT A LOT OF FAMILY.
I DIDN'T HAVE CHILDREN.
AND AS I LOOKED DOWN AT IT,
I FELT VERY CALM AND PEACEFUL
AND SPIRITUAL.
AND THEN I EXPERIENCED A LIGHT.
IT WAS A BRIGHT LIGHT AND THEN
KIND OF A PURPLISH LIGHT.
AND I WAS JUST KIND OF
FLOATING ALONG.
AND AS I FLOATED ALONG, I WAS
GREETED BY MY SPIRIT GUIDE.
AND HIS NAME WAS PETER
AND HE WAS WEARING
A WHITE FLOWING ROBE,
HAD A GOLD CORD WRAPPED
AROUND IT, WITH LONG HAIR,
APPEARED TO BE AN OLDER PERSON,
VERY CALMING AND VERY OPEN.
AND I WAS THEN GUIDED ALONG
UNTIL I SAW A BUILDING,
A STRUCTURE.
WHAT I SAW WAS COLUMNS.
AND IT WAS A BIG HALL.
AND IN THE HALL, THERE WAS
MOSAICS ON THE WALL, ONE WALL,
AND TAPESTRY ON THE OTHER --
JUST A HUGE HALL
WITH REAL TALL CEILINGS.
-IT IS STILL THE GREAT MYSTERY.
WHAT IS IT THAT'S ONGOING?
WHAT IS IT THAT SURVIVES?
WELL, CERTAINLY OUR RECENT WORK
SHOWS THAT
THE INFORMATION SURVIVES,
THAT THE INFORMATION
IN HOLOGRAPHIC FORM
THAT NATURE PRESERVES
IN THIS QUANTUM HOLOGRAM
IS A RECORD OF OUR LIFE.
AND IN ANCIENT LORE,
THEY RECOGNIZED THIS, AS WELL,
BUT THEY CALLED IT
THE AKASHIC RECORD.
THE AKASHIC RECORD
IS THE RECORD OF LIFE
AND WAS RECOGNIZED VERY WELL
BY THE ANCIENTS.
WE ARE NOW STARTING TO SEE THAT,
AND WE CALL IT
THE ZERO POINT ENERGY FIELD
WITH ITS QUANTUM HOLOGRAM
IS THE EQUIVALENT OF --
OR IS LIKE THE AKASHIC RECORD
OR THEY'RE KIND OF
ONE AND THE SAME.
I DO NOT DENY THAT CONSCIOUSNESS
MAY BE THE FUNDAMENTAL STUFF.
BUT I DON'T FIND -- DON'T THINK
YOU'RE VERY GOING TO BE ABLE
TO PROVE THAT DIRECTLY.
IN OTHER WORDS,
IF YOU CAN'T EXPLAIN THE
UNIVERSE BY OUR NORMAL MATERIAL,
NATURAL MEANS THE WAY WE ARE
TRYING TO DO SO,
THEN IN DUE COURSE,
YOU HAVE TO FALL BACK
ON THE SUPERNATURAL.
THIS MOMENT,
I'M NOT PREPARED TO DO THAT.
-YOU DO NOT HAVE TO FEAR DEATH
BECAUSE --
AND, AGAIN,
IF YOU EXPERIENCE IT,
FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF THAT
YOU SURVIVE PHYSICAL DEATH.
AND NOT JUST BELIEVE IT --
ACTUALLY EXPERIENCE IT.
AND WHEN YOU EXPERIENCE IT,
THEN YOU KNOW
THAT YOU SURVIVE PHYSICAL DEATH.
MY FATHER HAD NO FEAR OF DEATH.
MY FATHER, BECAUSE OF
SO MANY EXPERIENCES HE HAD,
HE KNEW THAT HE SURVIVED DEATH.
HE DIDN'T JUST BELIEVE IT.
HE KNEW IT
BECAUSE HE HAD EXPERIENCED IT.
THE KEY IS FOR YOU
TO FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF.
-AND WE FIND THAT PEOPLE
MAY BE VERY FAMILIAR
WITH THE TERRITORY.
ONCE THEY'RE OUT OF THE BODY
AND HAVE KIND OF
SAID THEIR FAREWELLS,
THEY KNOW EXACTLY WHERE
THEY'RE GOING AND GO THERE.
AND THEY'RE NOT MET BY ANYONE
AT ALL, BUT THEY'RE NOT LONELY.
THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO ARE MET
BY A WHOLE SOUL GROUP
AND IT'S ALMOST LIKE A PARTY,
LIKE THEY'VE GOT A BIG
"WELCOME HOME" PARTY
AND IT'S VERY FESTIVE.
[ CHILD LAUGHING ]
-AND THAT SPACE
IN BETWEEN THE PLANETS
IS WHAT THE TOLTECS CALLED
THE NAGUAL.
NOW, WHAT GIVES LIFE
TO THE NAGUAL, WHICH IS LIGHT,
AND WHAT GIVE LIFE TO THE TONAL,
WHICH IS MATTER,
IS WHAT THEY CALL INTENT.
AND INTENT IS A FORCE
THAT MOVES EVERYTHING
AND PUT EVERYTHING TOGETHER.
I CALL IT LIFE.
THE TOLTECS KNOW THAT THE SPACE
IN BETWEEN PLANETS
WAS NOT EMPTY.
IT'S FULL OF LIGHT.
THERE'S NO SPACE
IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE
OF CHANGE, OF UNIVERSE,
WHO IS EMPTY.
IN BETWEEN ATOMS,
IN BETWEEN STARS,
IN BETWEEN PLANETS,
ALWAYS EXISTS LIGHT.
-WHAT THE QUANTUM HOLOGRAM IS,
IT'S BASED ON
THE WELL-KNOWN FACT
THAT MATTER EMITS
AND REABSORBS QUANTA OF ENERGY,
PHOTONS, AT THE MOST BASIC LEVEL
OF NATURE,
AND THAT THOSE PHOTONS
HAVE A NONLOCAL INTERCONNECTION
REGARDLESS
OF WHERE THEY GO THEREAFTER.
THEY ARE INTERCONNECTED.
TAKE THE QUANTUM EMISSIONS
FROM ANY BODY OF MATTER,
FROM A HUMAN TO A CHAIR
TO ANYTHING.
YOU STUDY IT AS A GROUP,
IT IS CARRYING
UNIQUE INFORMATION
IN THE EVENT HISTORY
OF THAT OBJECT.
WOW.
THIS IS
A RATHER FUNDAMENTAL DISCOVERY
BECAUSE IT IS SAYING
THAT INFORMATION
AT THE QUANTUM LEVEL IN NATURE
IS AS IMPORTANT
AS ENERGY ITSELF.
WHAT THE PHYSICISTS TELL US
IS THAT WHEN PARTICLES
ARE ENTANGLED
POSTHUMOUS
AT THE SUBATOMIC LEVEL
AND THEY GO ACROSS THE UNIVERSE
FROM EACH OTHER, SHOULD THEY,
THEY MAINTAIN A CORRELATION,
A COHERENCE.
AND IF SOMETHING HAPPENS
TO ONE PARTICLE,
IT IS INSTANTANEOUSLY KNOWN
OR RECOGNIZED
BY THE OTHER PARTICLES
REGARDLESS OF WHERE THEY ARE
IN THE UNIVERSE.
THAT'S INSTANTANEOUS
COMMUNICATION.
THAT'S CALLED NONLOCALITY.
-HOW WOULD ONE EXPERIENCE THAT
SUBJECTIVELY?
WHAT IS YOUR SUBJECTIVE
EXPERIENCE OF NONLOCALITY?
MANY PEOPLE EXPERIENCE IT
AS AN OUT-OF-BODY STATE,
AN OUT-OF-BODY SITUATION.
WE'VE HEARD ABOUT THIS.
WHEN WE THINK OF
A NEAR-DEATH EXPERIENCE,
PEOPLE SEEM TO FLOAT OUT
OR PERCEIVE THEMSELVES
TO BE SOME WAY DISTANT
FROM THE PHYSICAL BODY.
THE QUESTION COMES UP,
IS THERE THEN A SEPARATE BODY
OR A SECOND BODY?
MANY PEOPLE HAVE A PHILOSOPHIC
OPINION THAT THERE IS,
THAT THERE IS A SPIRIT BODY
OR A SOUL.
THE PHYSICISTS
WOULD REFLECT BACK AND SAY,
"WELL, WE DON'T HAVE ANY
MEASUREMENT OR PROOF OF THAT."
SO THE IN-BETWEEN ROAD
MIGHT BE A HABIT.
I'M IN THE HABIT
OF FEELING MYSELF IN THIS BODY.
AND WHEN
I BECOME NONLOCALLY AWARE,
A NEAR-DEATH EXPERIENCE
OR AN OUT-OF-BODY EXPERIENCE,
AS A HABIT,
I THINK I HAVE A BODY.
BUT PERHAPS IT REALLY ISN'T.
PERHAPS I AM MORE THAN THAT,
MORE THAN THE CONCEPTS
OF A BODY.
IF WE CAN BECOME AWARE
OF INFORMATION
THAT'S NOT AVAILABLE
TO THE PHYSICAL SENSES,
IT'S AVAILABLE ONLY IF
WE ARE NONLOCALLY AWARE,
SOMETHING IN THE FUTURE,
SOMETHING IN THE PAST,
SOMETHING
DISTANT IN SPACE FROM US,
SOMETHING THAT WE COULDN'T KNOW
WITH OUR PHYSICAL SENSES,
AND THAT INFORMATION
COMES TO US,
THEREIN LIES THE PROOF.
HOW ELSE
COULD WE POSSIBLY KNOW THIS
BUT THAT WE WERE MORE THAN
OUR PHYSICAL BODIES?
-IN QUANTUM PHYSICS,
NOT ONLY IS IT NOT CONSIDERED
TO BE CRAZY,
IT'S CONSIDERED TO BE A WAY
TO UNDERSTAND THE NATURE
OF THE REAL REALITY,
THE SO-CALLED REAL REALITY,
THAT WE'RE IN.
AND IT'S USED EVERY DAY.
IN FACT, A WHOLE NEW FIELD
HAS DEVELOPED
BASED UPON THIS IDEA
CALLED QUANTUM COMPUTERS
AND QUANTUM COMPUTATION.
AND IN THE YEARS TO COME,
WE'RE GONNA SEE MORE AND MORE
OF THIS NEW IDEA EMERGING.
AND PARALLEL REALITIES
OR EVEN GOING INTO THEM
AND TAKING A PHOTOGRAPH
AND BRINGING IT
BACK OUT AGAIN --
THAT MAY NOT BE SCIENCE FICTION.
THAT MAY BE SOMETHING
WE'RE GONNA BE DOING SOON.
SO, I THINK RIGHT NOW,
THIS IS AN EXCITING TIME
TO BE THINKING ABOUT
THE RELATIONSHIP
OF MIND AND CONSCIOUSNESS
TO QUANTUM PHYSICS.
-SO, THERE IS THE ABILITY
FOR ENERGY TO EXIST
OUTSIDE OF TIME AND SPACE.
THE SPIRITUAL REALM
ESSENTIALLY HAS NO TIME FRAME.
THE TIME FRAME
EXISTS HERE ON EARTH.
THE SPIRITUAL REALM EXISTS
OUTSIDE OF A TIME FRAME.
IT'S VERY HARD TO INTERRELATE
WHAT HAPPENS
IN THE SPIRITUAL REALM
AND WHAT HAPPENS
IN THE EARTHLY REALM.
SO, THEN PEOPLE ASK ABOUT
A LIFE-BETWEEN-LIVES REGRESSION.
THEY'LL SAY, "I DESIRE
TO HAVE AN LBL REGRESSION,
BUT WHICH BETWEEN LIFE
AM I GOING TO VISIT?"
-WELL, ONE ALTERNATIVE IS TO SAY
THEY'RE IN ALTERNATIVE REALITIES
OR WORLDS OR UNIVERSES EVEN,
AND THAT THESE ARE THERE,
BUT THEY'RE PARALLEL
AND INVISIBLE TO US
BECAUSE ONCE WE'VE CHOSEN
TO SEE REALITY ONE WAY,
IT GETS BLOCKED FROM US
TO SEE THIS OTHER WAY.
IT'S LIKE BLINDERS
THAT GET PUT ON.
WE CAN'T SEE THE OTHER REALITY.
BUT IN THE OTHER REALITY,
THE SAME THING IS GOING ON.
WE CAN'T SEE THE WORLD
THAT WE'RE IN
BECAUSE IN THE OTHER REALITY,
WE'RE SEEING THAT WORLD.
AND SO, THESE PARALLEL REALITIES
ARE ALSO
ALL OCCURRING SIMULTANEOUSLY.
NOW, THAT IDEA SOUNDS LIKE
ALMOST HOKUM.
AND I CAN'T BLAME ANYBODY
FOR SAYING, "OH, THAT'S CRAZY.
HOW CAN YOU HAVE
SO MANY REALITIES?"
-WHEN WE TRAVEL
INTO THE SPIRITUAL REALM,
INTO THE BETWEEN LIFE
IN AN LBL REGRESSION,
WE BASICALLY --
ALL OF OUR BETWEEN LIVES
COLLAPSE INTO ONE ANOTHER,
IF YOU WILL,
AND WE STEP INTO
WHAT WE OFTEN CALL "NOW TIME".
SO, WE'RE LEARNING ABOUT
OUR SPIRITUAL EXPERIENCES
BASED ON WHAT IS HAPPENING
PRESENTLY IN OUR EARTHLY LIFE.
THE SPIRIT WORLD
IS THE SPIRIT WORLD.
IN THE SENSE THAT WE HAVE
MANY BELIEF STRUCTURES
THAT SAY THE SPIRIT WORLD
IS SEGMENTED --
THERE'S A POSITIVE PLACE
AND A NOT-SO-POSITIVE PLACE --
THAT KIND OF INFORMATION
HAS NEVER COME THROUGH
IN THOUSANDS OF
LIFE-BETWEEN-LIFE REGRESSIONS.
AND SO, THE SPIRIT WORLD
IS OPEN TO ANYONE AND EVERYONE.
WE ARE NOT BLOCKED
AT A CERTAIN POINT
AND DISALLOWED ENTRY
DEPENDING ON WHAT WE HAVE
OR HAVEN'T DONE IN OUR LIFE.
THE SPIRIT WORLD
DOES APPEAR DIFFERENT
REGRESSION TO REGRESSION.
FOR SOME SOULS,
PARTICULARLY FOR SOULS
WHO ARE NOT
OF A HIGH LEVEL OF EXPERIENCE,
THERE IS ALMOST
A MEETING PLACE THAT EXISTS.
REMINDS ME OF A TRAIN
OR A BUS STATION WHERE --
WHEN THE SOUL HAS LEFT THE BODY.
AND IT COMES IN TO SPEND TIME
AS IT'S CROSSING OVER.
THERE'S OFTEN SORT OF
A MEETING PLACE
WHERE THE SOUL CAN BE MET
BY LOVED ONES,
WHERE THE SOUL IS ASSISTED
IN ORIENTING,
IN ADJUSTING TO BEING
IN THE SPIRITUAL REALM.
IT'S ALMOST SLOWING DOWN
THE PROCESS
OF MOVING INTO
THE SPIRITUAL REALM.
-WE HAVE
WHAT WE CALL FOCUS LEVELS.
AND WE REFER TO THEM
AS FOCUS LEVELS,
DIFFERENT STATES
OF CONSCIOUSNESS, AS NUMBERS.
AND WE SIMPLY DO THAT
SO THERE'S NO ATTACHMENT,
YOU KNOW,
THROUGH WORDS OR WHATEVER.
IT'S JUST LEVELS.
WE FOUND A PLACE
THAT WE CALL FOCUS 27.
AND MY FATHER REFERS TO THIS
AS THE PARK.
AND IT WAS A PLACE HE FOUND
IN HIS EXPLORATIONS
WHICH IS VERY MUCH LIKE EARTH
IN A LOT OF WAYS.
YOU CAN ACTUALLY FEEL THE GRASS
AND THE TREES AND EVERYTHING.
AND IT FEELS VERY REAL,
BUT HE CALLED IT A PARK.
AND WE'VE FOUND THAT
THERE'S A HEALING
AND REGENERATION CENTER THERE,
THERE'S A PLANNING CENTER THERE.
IT'S JUST AN INCREDIBLE PLACE,
IF YOU WILL.
-WELL, FOCUS 27 IS A STATE
THAT MANY DIFFERENT SYSTEMS
AND RELIGIONS
WOULD REFER TO AS HEAVEN.
IT IS CERTAINLY ONE HEAVEN.
IT'S A STATE OF GREAT JOY.
IT'S A STATE THAT OFFERS
AN OPPORTUNITY
FOR AMAZING LEARNINGS
AND INSIGHT INTO --
NOT ONLY INSIGHT INTO,
BUT PARTICIPATION,
IN PLANNING
HOW THINGS MIGHT UNFOLD
BOTH HERE ON THE EARTH
AND INDIVIDUAL LIVES
AND OTHER PARTS OF THE PHYSICAL
AND NONPHYSICAL WORLD.
-WE ALL HAVE SOUL GROUPS
CONSISTING OF
3 TO 10 OR 12 MEMBERS
THAT ARE TOGETHER BECAUSE
WE ALL HAVE SOMETHING IN COMMON.
AND THAT'S
A GOOD QUESTION TO ASK --
WHAT IS IT
THAT BRINGS YOU ALL TOGETHER?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TOGETHER
IN THE SPIRIT WORLD?
AND USUALLY PEOPLE
ARE VERY CLEAR ABOUT THAT.
AND IT MAY BE
THAT THEY'RE DOING WORK TOGETHER
OR THEY MAY BE WORKING ON
SIMILAR LESSONS TOGETHER.
-WENT THROUGH.
IMMEDIATELY, MY GUIDES
WERE THERE -- IMMEDIATELY.
I DIDN'T GO INTO ANY CHAMBERS.
I DIDN'T HAVE ANY CLEANSING.
MY GUIDES ARE LIKE, "WHAT'S UP?
WE'RE GLAD YOU'RE HERE."
AND IT WAS LITERALLY LIKE,
SIT DOWN AND HAVE A POWWOW.
THAT WAS WHAT MY WHOLE ENTIRE
LIFE-BETWEEN-LIFE SESSION
CONSISTED OF.
THE THERAPIST
THAT I WAS WORKING WITH
HAD A LOT OF INTERACTION
WITH MY GUIDES.
APPARENTLY THEY WERE
VERY HIGH-VIBRATIONAL,
ENLIGHTENED TEACHERS.
AND THEY SHARED
A LOT OF INFORMATION WITH HER.
I KIND OF ACTED AS A CHANNEL
TO SHARE THAT INFORMATION,
TO HAVE IT COME THROUGH.
AND MOST OF THE INFORMATION
THAT WAS COVERED
WAS SPECIFIC STUFF FOR ME --
NO PREDICTIONS OF ANY SORT,
BUT CONNECTING TO
WHAT WAS THE INTENTION
THAT I HAD STATED FOR MYSELF,
WHAT DID I WANT TO EXPERIENCE,
WHAT DID I COME HERE FOR.
-AND THE FIRST PERSON
THAT APPEARED TO MY RIGHT
WAS MY SON SCOTT.
AND SCOTT WAS LIKE MY SOUL MATE.
HE WAS A REAL OLD SOUL.
HE WAS 27 YEARS OLD
WHEN HE PASSED AWAY,
BUT HAD LIVED SUCH A FULL LIFE.
AND IT WAS JUST REALLY POWERFUL
TO HAVE SUCH A VIVID FEELING
OF BEING THERE WITH HIM.
-EVEN THOUGH NOTHING FRIGHTENING
EVER HAPPENS THERE,
SOULS ALWAYS FEEL
A SENSE OF INTIMIDATION,
I GUESS I WOULD SAY,
WHEN THEY'RE CALLED BEFORE
WHAT WE HAVE TERMED
A COUNCIL OF ELDERS
OR A COUNCIL OF WISE BEINGS.
AND THEIR GUIDE
USUALLY ACCOMPANIES THEM
AND THEY ARE ALMOST ALWAYS
IN A BUILDING OR A SPACE
THAT SEEMS VERY FORMAL.
AND A GROUP OF 5, 6,
OR MAYBE EVEN 10 ELDERS
COME IN AND THEY ASK QUESTIONS.
AND ALWAYS
IN THE MOST LOVING WAY,
THE PERSON IS GIVEN
SOME SUGGESTIONS
ABOUT HOW THEY MIGHT
PROCEED FURTHER IN THE NEXT LIFE
AND HOW THEY CAN DO BETTER.
AND IT'S A VERY SERIOUS MEETING,
BUT IT'S NOT PUNITIVE
OR JUDGMENTAL
IN THE WAY THAT WE MIGHT THINK.
-THE COORDINATING BODY
OF THE SPIRITUAL REALM
IS COMPRISED OF SOULS
THAT HAVE FINISHED
THEIR INCARNATION ON EARTH.
THEY'VE PROGRESSED
TO A PARTICULAR LEVEL.
THEY THEN WORK AT, YOU KNOW,
WE USE THESE WORDS
HIGHER, LOWER --
IT'S HARD
NOT TO USE THOSE WORDS.
THEY WORK AT A HIGHER LEVEL
OF WISDOM,
BUT THEY ARE
ULTIMATELY COORDINATED
BY A HIGHEST LEVEL OF WISDOM
THAT WE ALL CHOOSE TO LABEL
IN DIFFERENT WAYS.
BUT AS WE PROGRESS AS A SOUL,
WE FINE-TUNE OUR INTEREST AREA,
WE FINE-TUNE OUR ABILITIES.
AND THEN WE CAN, IN FACT,
PROGRESS TO THE POINT
WHERE WE DON'T SPEND
A GREAT DEAL OF TIME
WITH OUR CLUSTER GROUP
ANY LONGER.
AND WE THEN CAN SPEND
PRIMARILY TIME
WITH A GROUP
THAT IS MUCH MORE SPECIALIZED.
-JUST BEFORE I LEFT, I FELT --
LEFT THE SOUL GROUP --
I FELT LIKE SOMEBODY HAD
PLACED A HAND ON MY FOREHEAD.
AND I, YOU KNOW,
AGAIN FELT THIS AMAZING ENERGY.
AND I SAID, "OH, I THINK
THEY'RE JUST KNOCKING IN
"A LITTLE EXTRA KNOWLEDGE
INTO MY HEAD
"AND I'M BEING HEALED
"OF ANYTHING
THAT I NEEDED TO BE HEALED OF
"AS FAR AS
SOME OF THE EXPERIENCES
THAT I HAD EXPERIENCED
IN MY CURRENT INCARNATION."
-DO YOU BELIEVE IN GOD?
DO I HAVE A PARTICULAR SPIRITUAL
OR RELIGIOUS ORIENTATION?
AND WHAT I TELL PEOPLE IS THAT
IT'S ALL ONE AND THE SAME,
THAT THE HIGHEST LEVEL
OF SPIRIT OR WISDOM
OR LOVE OR ADVANCEMENT
IS THE HIGHEST LEVEL
THAT WE CAN CALL THE UNIVERSE,
THE DAO, WE CAN CALL IT GOD,
GREAT SPIRIT.
THERE ARE MANY DIFFERENT TERMS
FOR THIS.
-WE OBVIOUSLY STAY VERY NEUTRAL
WITH ALL OF THIS
BECAUSE WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU COME HERE
IS YOU ARE EXPLORING
A LOT OF YOUR BELIEF SYSTEMS.
AND THAT'S A BIG PART OF IT.
AND IF YOU FIND OUT
THROUGH EXPERIENCE
THAT YOUR BELIEF SYSTEM
CAN BECOME A KNOWN,
THAT'S WONDERFUL.
THAT'S BEAUTIFUL.
THAT'S PART OF THE PROCESS.
-AND ALL OF A SUDDEN,
I LOOKED UP
AND LITERALLY SAW
THIS BOMB DROP.
AND IT LOOKED EXACTLY THE WAY
YOU SEE IT DEPICTED
IN HISTORY BOOKS AND IN PICTURES
AND ON TELEVISION.
AND IT LITERALLY CAME DOWN LIKE
A GIANT MUSHROOM CLOUD
AND THIS SMOKE JUST STARTED
BARRELING TOWARDS US.
AND I THINK
WHEN YOU EXPERIENCE TRAUMA,
YOU EXPERIENCE IT IN SLOW MOTION
BECAUSE IT SEEMED LIKE
IT WAS TAKING A VERY LONG
PERIOD OF TIME TO UNFOLD,
WHEN IN ESSENCE I THINK IT WAS
PROBABLY THREE SECONDS,
YOU KNOW?
BUT THEN EVERYTHING AROUND ME
WAS BURNING, WAS IN FLAMES.
AND I REMEMBER GRABBING --
I HAD A SMALL CHILD,
AND I GRABBED THIS SMALL CHILD.
AND THERE WAS FIRE EVERYWHERE.
AND THE ONLY WAY TO NOT BURN,
TO BE AFFLICTED BY THE FIRE,
WAS TO GET INTO THIS WATER.
-IT WAS AN ARRANGED MARRIAGE,
17.
HE GAVE ME EVERYTHING,
LOVED ME, TOUTED ME,
PRESENTS GALORE,
AND I JUST DID NOT LIKE HIM.
AND I TURNED MY BACK ON HIM,
ULTIMATELY
CAUSING HIM TO LATER KILL ME.
-IF YOU BELIEVE
IN LIFE AFTER DEATH,
YOU BELIEVE THAT YOU COME BACK
OR YOU BELIEVE IN REINCARNATION,
WELL,
THEN YOU BETTER THINK ABOUT
HOW YOU'RE LEAVING THIS PLANET
IF YOU BELIEVE
YOU'RE GONNA BE REINCARNATED
'CAUSE YOU BETTER BE CAREFUL
WHAT YOU MAY COME BACK TO,
WHAT YOU CREATE.
-YEAH, I THINK IN CHINA
THE IDEA WAS
THAT WHEN THE CHINESE
THINK ABOUT TIME
OR THINK ABOUT WHO THEY ARE
AND WHAT THEY ARE,
THEY KEEP THEIR ANCESTORS
IN MIND.
WHEREAS IN OUR CULTURE,
IT'S THE LAST THING
WE THINK ABOUT
IS WHO AND WHAT WE CAME FROM.
MOST OF US DON'T EVEN CARE
THAT OUR ANCESTORS
CAME FROM THIS COUNTRY
OR THAT COUNTRY.
WE'RE AMERICANS.
ANCESTORS ARE DEAD AND BURIED.
WE DON'T CARE.
[ WIND WHISTLING ]
-REGRESSION THERAPY
IS UTILIZING TRANCE
OR UTILIZING HYPNOSIS
TO GUIDE A CLIENT
TO GO BACKWARD IN TIME
TO SORT OF GO THROUGH
WHAT WE MIGHT CALL
AGE REGRESSION.
SO, TYPICALLY, FOR A LONG,
LONG TIME, CENTURIES PROBABLY,
PSYCHIATRISTS
HAVE GUIDED THEIR CLIENTS
INTO AGE REGRESSION
IN THIS LIFE,
LOOKING FOR LOST MEMORY,
LOOKING FOR
TRAUMA-ORIENTED PERIODS OF TIME
TO TRY TO DO HEALING WORK.
SO IT ALL IS PREDICATED
ON THE BELIEF
THAT OUR SOUL HAS CONTINUITY.
SO, WE'RE GOING BACK
TO MYSTICAL BELIEF STRUCTURE,
TO A BELIEF STRUCTURE
THAT EXISTED
PRIOR TO APPROXIMATELY
2,000 YEARS AGO
IN MOST CULTURES OF THE EARTH
WHERE THE BELIEF IS
THAT OUR SOUL HAS CONTINUITY.
SO WE LIVE
AND WE WILL LIVE AGAIN.
IT'S THE WHOLE CONCEPT
OF REINCARNATION.
-I WAS IN EUROPE IN THE 1600s.
I WAS IN MY 20s.
MY NAME WAS SARAH.
I WAS LIVING A RATHER
LONELY LIFE IN THE VILLAGE
AND JUST DOING CRAFT WORK,
NEEDLE WORK,
AND WASN'T MARRIED AT THE TIME.
AND THAT WAS MY BEGINNINGS.
BASICALLY LOOKING DOWN,
SEEING WHAT I WAS WEARING
AND THE DESCRIPTION
AND THE PICTURE JUST UNFOLDED.
-I REMEMBER A WOMAN WHO WAS
A LITTLE BOY IN A PAST LIFE
AND IT WAS DURING WARTIME
IN GERMANY, I THINK.
AND SHE WAS COWERING
UNDER A TRUCK.
AND SHE COULD SEE THE PUDDLES
OF RAINWATER
AND THE BOOTS OF THE SOLDIERS,
AND SHE WAS REALLY FRIGHTENED.
AND ALL OF THE EMOTIONS
CAME THROUGH.
SHE COULD REALLY FEEL
AND RE-EXPERIENCE
WHAT IT FELT LIKE
TO BE THAT LITTLE BOY
AND BEING VERY AFRAID.
I THINK IT'S AN IMPORTANT
AND WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE
FOR A CLIENT
TO EXPERIENCE THEMSELVES
FROM A LARGER PERSPECTIVE
THAN JUST ONE LIFETIME.
IT ALLOWS THEM TO EXPERIENCE
DIFFERENT POINTS OF VIEW,
TO FEEL WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO BE A DIFFERENT GENDER
OR A DIFFERENT WALK OF LIFE,
TO EXPERIENCE
THE KINDS OF THINGS
THAT WERE IMPORTANT
IN DIFFERENT ERAS,
AND IT REALLY GIVES THEM
A WIDER SENSE OF PERSPECTIVE
ABOUT WHO THEY ARE
AND ALSO ALLOWS US
TO UNDERSTAND OTHER PEOPLE
MORE EASILY
AND WITH LESS JUDGMENT.
-THE SECOND LIFE
THAT WE WERE IN, WE WERE MONKS.
AND WE LIVED
IN THE SAME MONASTERY.
AND HE WAS MORE LIKE MY TEACHER.
HE OPENED UP DIFFERENT AREAS OF
RELIGIOUS PERSPECTIVE, BELIEFS.
HE INTRODUCED ME TO NEW THINGS
FROM A VERY THEOLOGICAL PLACE.
THE ONLY WAY
I CAN DESCRIBE IT IS,
IT WAS AS PURE LOVE
AS I THINK YOU COULD FEEL.
IT WAS A REALLY COMFORTABLE AND
REALLY LOVING AND REALLY PURE.
AND OUR PATHS
WERE JUST ANCHORED.
OUR PATHS WERE VERY DEEP
IN OUR CONVICTION TO GOD
AND IN OUR CONVICTION
TO SERVICE.
-WE GOT INTO THIS WATER
AND I COULDN'T SWIM,
AND MY CHILD COULDN'T SWIM.
[ Voice breaking ]
AND BASICALLY WE DROWNED.
AND LIKE,
I...I KEPT REENACTING THAT,
THE DROWNING
AND LOSING MY CHILD.
AND I'D WAKE UP, LIKE, GASPING.
SO WENT I WENT INTO THIS STATE
OF HYPNOSIS AND I RE-LIVED IT,
IT WAS VERY PAINFUL
AND VERY TRAUMATIC
'CAUSE IT WAS EVEN REALER
IN THE STATE OF HYPNOSIS
THAN IN THE DREAM STATE
'CAUSE I WAS ALERT, YOU KNOW?
IT WAS NOW PRESENT-DAY TIME.
-SO MANY PEOPLE
KIND OF GET INTO THAT MIND-SET
OF LIKE, "WELL, WHO WAS I
IN A PAST LIFE?"
AND FOR ME,
THAT QUESTION NEVER REALLY --
THAT QUESTION
NEVER REALLY RANG TRUE
AS SOMETHING THAT WAS RELEVANT
TO WHO I WAS
OR HOW I WAS EXPERIENCING
LIFE TODAY.
WHAT RANG TRUE TO ME AND
WHAT'S GOTTEN AT IN THE BOOK
AND THE WHOLE SORT OF
LIFE-IN-BETWEEN-LIVES THING,
WAS A CLEAR SENSE OF WHO YOU ARE
AS A SOUL INDEPENDENT
OF YOUR CURRENT INCARNATION,
YOUR CURRENT MANIFESTATION
AS A BODY.
-THE SECOND ONE WOULD BE ITALY.
I WAS IN AN ITALIAN VILLAGE.
I WAS MARRIED,
HAD A LOT OF UPS AND DOWNS.
AND SO OUR MARRIAGE
WAS VERY TUMULTUOUS.
AND HE WAS A BUTCHER.
I WAS A HOMEMAKER.
AND IT WAS VERY ROUGH TIMES
DURING THAT TIME.
IT WAS I THINK IN THE 1700s,
IF I RECALL.
AND SO, LESSONS, AGAIN, LEARNED.
I RELATED THAT PERSON
TO POSSIBLY BEING THE PERSON
THAT I WAS FIRST MARRIED TO,
THAT I WAS MARRIED TO
FOR A NUMBER OF YEARS.
AND I HAD LEFT THAT MARRIAGE.
AND IT WAS
A VERY THERAPEUTIC TIME FOR ME
'CAUSE IT REALLY OPENED ME UP
TO THE POSSIBILITIES OF GROWING
INSTEAD OF STAGNATING.
-THE MOST VIVID ONE
EXPERIENTIALLY
WAS A WHALE INCARNATION.
THE MOST SORT OF VIVID, LIKE,
SNAPSHOTS FROM THAT EXPERIENCE
WERE SURFACING
AND SEEING HUMANS ON THE BOATS
THAT WERE WHALE HUNTERS,
WHALE FISHERMEN,
WHATEVER YOU WANT TO CALL THEM.
AND JUST SORT OF LOOKING AT THEM
AS THEY WERE, YOU KNOW,
KILLING OTHER WHALES
OR TRYING TO KILL ME
OR TRYING TO
KILL OTHER WHALES IN A POD
AND HAVING THIS VERY SORT OF
CALM SENSATION
ABOUT THE WHOLE THING.
LIKE,
ALMOST A LITTLE BIT CONFUSED,
A LITTLE BIT CONFUSED
ABOUT WHY THEY WERE SO PANICKED,
WHAT WAS GOING ON,
WHERE WERE THOSE FEELINGS
COMING FROM,
WHERE WAS THE AGGRESSION,
WHERE DOES --
YOU KNOW, VERY MUCH
A "THIS DOESN'T REALLY
QUITE MAKE SENSE."
BUT AT THE SAME TIME,
EVEN KNOWING THAT I WAS,
YOU KNOW, "IN DANGER,"
BUT NOT NECESSARILY ANY SENSE
OF FEAR WHATSOEVER.
-MINE WAS I WAS A TRAPEZE ARTIST
IN THE CIRCUS.
AND THIS MAN WAS ALSO THERE.
HE WAS A LION TAMER.
I FELL OF THE TRAPEZE.
HE WAS THE FIRST ONE
TO COME TO RESCUE ME.
I LOST THE USE OF MY LEGS,
FELL MADLY IN LOVE WITH HIM.
AND ULTIMATELY, WE JUST HAD
A REALLY GREAT LIFE FROM THAT.
HE JUST TOOK CARE OF ME
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
-WHEN WE INCARNATE AGAIN,
WE BRING WITH US
SOME OF THE PREVIOUS EXPERIENCES
OF PAST LIVES.
WE'RE OFTEN NOT AWARE THAT THAT
IS WHAT WE'RE BRINGING WITH US.
AND SO, THERE ARE MANY TIMES
WHEN AS HUMANS
WE HAVE RECOGNITION.
WE MAY MEET SOMEONE
AND JUST KNOW
BEYOND THE SHADOW OF A DOUBT
THAT WE HAVE MET THEM BEFORE,
YET WE HAVE
NO LITERAL EXPLANATION FOR THAT.
[ SEA GULL CRYING ]
WE ALSO BRING WITH US
THE PARTICULAR AREAS OF LEARNING
OF OUR SOUL THAT STILL,
WE MIGHT SAY, NEED WORK,
NEED PROGRESSION.
AND SOMEHOW WE'LL BE GUIDED
THROUGH THOSE AUTOMATICALLY
OUTSIDE OF OUR AWARENESS.
SO, I BELIEVE
WE BRING SOME IF NOT ALL
OF OUR PREVIOUS EXPERIENCES
WITH US OUTSIDE OF OUR AWARENESS
AND CONTINUE TO FOCUS ON
SOME OF THOSE ISSUES.
-WHEN YOU GO THROUGH
A PAST LIFE,
YOU ALWAYS REFLECT
TO SEE IF THERE'S ANYTHING --
ANY LEARNINGS OR ANYTHING
THAT YOU COULD SEE
AS FAR AS
WHO IS IN THAT PAST LIFE
WHO MIGHT BE SOMEBODY
IN YOUR PRESENT LIFE.
AND I RELATED THAT TO ACTUALLY
MY FIRST MARRIAGE TO MY HUSBAND
THAT I WAS FIRST MARRIED TO.
-AT THIS MOMENT,
THE QUANTUM HOLOGRAPHIC THEORY
CAN EASILY EXPLAIN THE
EXPERIENCES OF REINCARNATION.
AND, IN FACT, IT EXPLAINS BETTER
THAN THE CLASSICAL NOTION
OF REINCARNATION.
IT EXPLAINS BETTER
WHY MANY PEOPLE FEEL
THAT THEY ARE REINCARNATIONS
OF THE SAME PERSON --
CLEOPATRA, PTOLEMY, JESUS,
WHOMEVER.
MANY PEOPLE BELIEVE THEY ARE
REINCARNATIONS OF THE PERSON.
WELL, WITH QUANTUM HOLOGRAPHIC
THEORY, THAT'S QUITE POSSIBLE.
IT'S JUST INFORMATION
THAT YOU CAN ACCESS.
-I KNOW THAT IT ALL MAKES SENSE,
YOU KNOW?
THIS IS NOT JUST A HAPPENSTANCE,
I DIDN'T JUST BORN AND I'M JUST
NOT GONNA DIE, YOU KNOW?
I WAS BORN. I CHOSE.
I CREATED. I CO-CREATED.
I CAME IN WITH A PURPOSE.
I PICKED THE PEOPLE
TO BE MY PARENTS FOR A REASON.
I TOOK THE PATHS
THAT I'VE CHOSEN BECAUSE OF...
I CAME HERE TO CONTINUE
WHAT I DIDN'T FINISH.
I'M REAL ANCHORED IN THAT.
-SOMETIMES
WHAT I LOVE THE MOST IS --
I HEAR THIS MANY TIMES IN
LIFE-BETWEEN-LIVES REGRESSIONS.
THE COUNCIL
WILL SAY TO THE CLIENT,
LITERALLY IN THIS MANNER,
"LIGHTEN UP."
AND I THINK AS HUMANS,
AS INCARNATE SOULS,
WE OFTEN NEED TO LIGHTEN UP.
AND WHEN THE CLIENT
WANTS TO HEAR FROM THEIR COUNCIL
HOW THEY ARE DOING AS A SOUL,
OFTEN THE CLIENT THINKS THEY ARE
NOT DOING WELL IN THEIR LIFE.
AND THEN THE COUNCIL WILL SAY,
"YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
JUST KEEP GOING.
YOU'RE DOING WONDERFULLY."
-BECAUSE TEOTIHUACAN
IS LIKE A MAP,
WHERE IT IS GUIDING YOU HUMANS
STEP BY STEP,
LETTING GO ALL THE REASONS WHY
THEY BELIEVE THEY ARE NOT GOD
UNTIL THEY PUT
THEIR WHOLE INTEGRITY TOGETHER
AND THEY FIND OUT
THAT THEY ALWAYS WERE GOD,
THAT THEY WAS BORN PERFECT
AND THAT THEY'RE PERFECT.
AND FROM THAT POINT OF VIEW,
YOU CAN SEE
THAT EVERYBODY ELSE IS PERFECT.
ALL THE HUMANS OF ALL THE WORLD,
THEY ARE PERFECT.
THEY JUST DON'T KNOW
THAT THEY ARE
BECAUSE
THEIR WHOLE BELIEF SYSTEM
GUIDE THEM
TO A DIFFERENT DIRECTION.
-WE'D LIKE TO SHARE
A PIECE OF THIS ROCK
WITH SO MANY OF THE COUNTRIES
THROUGHOUT THE WORLD.
WE HOPE THAT THIS WILL BE
A SYMBOL
OF WHAT OUR FEELINGS ARE,
WHAT THE FEELINGS
OF THE APOLLO PROGRAM ARE,
AND A SYMBOL OF MANKIND
THAT WE CAN LIVE IN PEACE
AND HARMONY IN THE FUTURE.
-FOR MANY YEARS,
I THOUGHT A NEW AGE OF
ENLIGHTENMENT WAS APPROACHING,
THAT DELVING INTO THESE AREAS,
TRYING TO UNDERSTAND THE DEEPER
NATURE OF OUR PERCEPTIONS,
INTUITIVE INFORMATION,
QUANTUM INFORMATION.
AND I STILL THINK
THAT IS THE WAY TO THE FUTURE.
-AS A SOUL,
DO WE ALWAYS HAVE FREE WILL
TO MAKE CHOICE ABOUT ANYTHING?
ABSOLUTELY, YES.
AND ARE WE FALLIBLE?
DO WE SOMETIMES MAKE,
WE MIGHT SAY,
NOT THE BEST CHOICES?
YES, OF COURSE.
ARE WE ADVISED
BY OUR GUIDES AND TEACHERS
FROM A HIGHER LEVEL?
YES, WE ARE ADVISED.
BUT WE STILL HAVE THE ABILITY
TO MAKE DECISIONS.
-BASICALLY,
I BELIEVE THAT WE ARE HERE
TO BE CO-CREATORS WITH GOD.
WE ARE HERE
TO EXPERIENCE ONENESS.
WE ARE HERE TO EXPERIENCE JOY.
WHETHER OR NOT YOU CHOOSE
TO CARRY ALL THE WISDOM
AND ALL THE KNOWLEDGE
AND THE KNOWING OF EVERYTHING,
I DON'T REALLY THINK
IS THAT IMPORTANT.
I BELIEVE THAT IF YOU'RE HAPPY
AND YOU'RE TRULY HAPPY
AND YOU'RE LIVING YOUR LIFE
EXACTLY AS YOU WANT IT TO BE,
YOU'RE DOING IT.
-BECAUSE EVERYBODY IN THE WORLD
CAN DO THEIR BEST, EVERYONE.
WE CAN SEE OTHER PEOPLE,
AND WE CAN JUDGE THEM
THAT THEY DON'T DO THEIR BEST,
BUT HOW DO YOU KNOW?
[ BABY LAUGHING ]
YOU HARDLY KNOW
IF YOU'RE DOING YOUR BEST.
HOW CAN YOU JUDGE OTHER PEOPLE
THAT THEY DO
OR THEY DON'T DO THEIR BEST?
ONLY THEY KNOW.
AND IT'S THEIR LIFE.
IT'S THEIR PROBLEM, REALLY.
THE ONLY THING THAT WE DO
IS THAT WE GIVE THEM THE TOOLS
THAT THEY CAN FIND THEMSELF,
THAT THEY CAN HAVE
MORE AWARENESS.
-IN THE AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINAL
POINT OF VIEW,
THEY SEE THE CREATURES
EVOLVING THROUGH DREAM,
THAT ONE CREATURE,
WHICH IS MORE PRIMITIVE,
AND APPEARS AS A RESULT
OF THE GREAT SPIRIT DREAMING
FOR ITS ENVIRONMENT TO OCCUR
SO IT CAN BE THERE.
THAT CREATURE BEGINS TO DREAM
OF AN ENVIRONMENT
IN WHICH IT CAN'T LIVE.
THAT ENVIRONMENT
IS BEYOND WHAT IT CAN DO.
IT DREAMS OF IT.
AND AS A RESULT
OF THE DREAM APPEARING,
THERE'S GENETIC CHANGES
IN SUCH
THAT A NEW CREATURE EVOLVES
WHICH CAN EXIST
IN A NEW ENVIRONMENT.
NOW, WHILE THIS MAY SEEM
LIKE A FAIRY TALE
OR JUST SIMPLY A STORY,
IN QUANTUM PHYSICS, WE'RE ALWAYS
DEALING WITH POSSIBILITIES
AND WE'RE ALWAYS
LOOKING AT HOW --
CURRENTLY
IN OUR CURRENT THINKING --
WE'RE LOOKING HOW
FUTURE POSSIBILITIES
AND PAST POSSIBILITIES
COULD BE COMING TOGETHER
TO PRODUCE TRANSFORMATION
IN THE PRESENT MOMENT.
AND THAT'S A WHOLE NEW IDEA
THAT SOMEHOW
WHAT HAS NOT HAPPENED
CAN COME BACK
AND INFLUENCE WHAT IS HAPPENING
AND AS A RESULT,
LEAD TO SOMETHING,
WHAT WE WOULD EXPERIENCE AS,
ACTUALLY HAPPENING.
-FROM THIS PERSPECTIVE,
WHEN WE PASS FROM THE BODY --
WHICH ISN'T REALLY HAPPENING --
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN
IS WE'RE GONNA WAKE UP
AND REMEMBER
THIS FUNNY DREAM WE HAD.
AND THIS WILL BE
THE DREAM WE'RE HAVING
BECAUSE THAT'S THE TRUE NATURE
OF REALITY.
-I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN HAVE
ANYTHING WE WANT,
THAT IT'S ALL AROUND US,
AND WE CAN CREATE
ALL OF THOSE DESIRES.
WE ARE CO-CREATORS.
AND WHEN WE SEE
WHO WE REALLY ARE
AND WE REMEMBER THAT
AND WE STAND IN THAT TRUTH,
THAT WE HAVE ACCESS TO ANYTHING
THAT WE DESIRE.
-I WAS ONE OF THE PIONEERS,
AS YOU'RE WELL AWARE,
IN EXPLORING PARAPSYCHOLOGY
AND PSYCHIC INFORMATION,
AND REALIZED THAT
WE WERE ONTO SOMETHING REAL.
IT WAS REAL EVEN THOUGH
WE COULDN'T EXPLAIN IT.
BUT IT'S TAKEN 35 YEARS TO FIND
AN ACCEPTABLE EXPLANATION
IN QUANTUM PHENOMENA.
-WELL, YOU CAN SAY THAT IT'S
UNKNOWN BECAUSE YOU DON'T ASK.
ONCE THAT YOU ASK,
THEN YOU KNOW.
AND THE UNKNOWN BECOMES KNOWN.
THEN WHAT WE HAVE IN THE MIND
CAN BE KNOWN IF WE ASK,
IF WE LEARN TO LISTEN.
THEN THE UNKNOWN BECOMES KNOWN.
WHAT IS UNKNOWABLE,
YOU NEVER WILL KNOW
WITH THE LANGUAGE THAT WE HAVE,
WITH THE SYMBOLS THAT WE HAVE.
-EVEN WHEN IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE
TO ME THESE DAYS,
I TRUST THE UNIVERSE
MORE AND MORE.
AND THE WORLD DOESN'T
HAVE TO EXPLAIN ITSELF TO ME.
AND WHEN IT LOOKS REALLY BAD
FROM THE OUTSIDE,
I HAVE MORE FAITH
THAT A PERSON'S LIFE
IS UNFOLDING
IN JUST THE WAY THAT IT NEEDS TO
FOR THEIR SOUL'S GROWTH
AND LEARNING.
AND THAT THOUGHT GIVES ME
A LOT OF COMFORT.
-MANY OF US SPEND
SO MUCH OF OUR LIVES
WORRYING ABOUT
WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN TOMORROW
OR JUST WALLOWING IN THINGS
THAT HAVE HAPPENED IN THE PAST
INSTEAD OF BEING IN THE NOW.
AND I THINK THEY CAN LEARN A LOT
FROM JUST BEING IN THE MOMENT
AND EXPERIENCING LIFE
AND HAVING JOY IN THEIR LIFE.
-AS YOU EXPAND IN AWARENESS,
WHAT YOU DISCOVER IS,
THAT WHEN IT COMES TO CREATION,
THAT ONE OF THE THINGS
WE REALLY CAN DO
IS CREATE HEAVEN ON EARTH NOW.
-I WOULD SAY
THAT WE ARE EVOLVING
INTO AN INTELLIGENT SPECIES
THAT HAS A TRUE UNDERSTANDING
OF HOW INTERCONNECTED
EVERYTHING IS
AND HOW CONNECTED WE ARE
TO EVERYTHING --
TO THE EARTH...
AND TO SPIRIT.
-AND SO, I THINK
THAT LEADS TO LOOKING AT,
WHAT IS THE POINT?
WHY DO WE COME INTO BODY?
YOU KNOW, WHY AM I OR ANY ONE
ELSE INCARNATE AT THIS TIME?
AND I THINK
THE ABSOLUTE BOTTOM LINE
IS WE ARE HERE IN BODY FOR
THE PURPOSE OF PROGRESSION --
BOTH OUR OWN PROGRESSION
AND THE PROGRESSION
OF OTHER SOULS
AND HOW WE IMPACT OTHER SOULS.
-AND, YES, THEY CAN DO BETTER,
BUT IN ORDER TO DO BETTER,
THEY NEED
TO HAVE MORE AWARENESS,
TO BE MORE AWARE.
IF THEY HAVE MORE AWARENESS,
THE BEST WILL BE BETTER
AND BETTER AND BETTER.
-THERE'S NO ULTIMATE DESTINY
BECAUSE THE UNIVERSE
HAS BEEN CREATED IN SUCH A WAY
THAT WE CAN CREATE
NEW DESTINIES.
AND I THINK OUR ULTIMATE DESTINY
WOULD BE TO RECOGNIZE
THAT WE ARE THE CREATORS
OF OUR DESTINY.
-IN MY OPINION,
ONLY BY USING THE BEST
OF OUR RATIONAL
AND OUR INTUITIVE FACULTIES
AND THE BEST OF OUR SCIENTIFIC
TECHNOLOGIES AND PROTOCOLS
WILL WE EVER BE ABLE
TO TEASE OUT OF NATURE
THESE SECRETS
THAT ARE VERY ELUSIVE RIGHT NOW.